Dad, I'm back.
What are you doing?
Are you going to find that kid surnamed Wan again?
You don't even listen to me
Believe it or not, I can find someone to catch him
Dad, don't push me
I really don't like it.
Cao Yunhe shut up
You still don't know the energy of the Cao family
Now the Gao family has fallen
Now the Cao family is the number one wealthy family in Jiangzhou
What's wrong with you when our two families join forces?
The Cao Yuan River is worse
It's much better than the garbage that sells barbecues
Ah, shut up.
Before the Mingming conference
You are not allowed to go anywhere
Do you hear me?
What do you mean?
I have heard the news.
Huaqing Chamber of Commerce wants to develop a spokesperson in Jiangzhou
This conference tomorrow is the best opportunity
Presumably the Cao family has already started to act
If the Cao family can get the support of the Central China Chamber of Commerce
I'm afraid they will double their strength
Exactly.
If you let Xiaoxue know that the Cao family has such great energy
I will marry you willingly
Oh son
Come back just in time to sit down
Dad has something to discuss with you